yeah good once that what is it is a
fucking vehicle in it you gonna move
your father oh my god will you fucking
moon fucking good machine oh yeah oh wow
Molly Malone guys on Rama killers for
desperate people leave have a fucking
time to did seized or a logic I just
fired a rock i po boy boy boy boy what's
return my chopper it's wrong sure go no
no I que tal
nice car driver so much over the river
one head up oh my god good idea ha IR
cam now potato chips this is a chip dade
h it french fries it's the holy can they
cannot be destroyed my way bitch fuck
you buddy before this place is
impregnable in fact I whoa whoa dude it
dee dee dee dee just campaigncash
centers I don't after power oh thank you
oh way oh nice I can't hit by this
fucking fence you can use me as a
battering ram or some shit oh my god
fuck it is fuck you fuck you fuck you
fuck you diverge is it gonna be a fee
yeah